---
title: Privacy Policy
seo:
  title: Privacy Policy
  description: This is the privacy policy page
  extra:
    - name: 'og:type'
      value: website
      keyName: property
    - name: 'og:title'
      value: Privacy Policy
      keyName: property
    - name: 'og:description'
      value: This is the privacy policy page
      keyName: property
    - name: 'twitter:card'
      value: summary
    - name: 'twitter:title'
      value: Privacy Policy
    - name: 'twitter:description'
      value: This is the privacy policy page
layout: page
---

This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of Your information when You use the Service and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You.

We do not collect or use any of your data in our app or website.

## Interpretation and Definitions

### Interpretation

The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.

### Definitions

For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:

* Account means a unique account created for You to access our Service or parts of our Service.
* Affiliate means an entity that controls, is controlled by or is under common control with a party, where "control" means ownership of 50% or more of the shares, equity interest or other securities entitled to vote for election of directors or other managing authority.
* Application means the software program provided by the Company downloaded by You on any electronic device, named PDF Tools
* Company (referred to as either "the Company", "We", "Us" or "Our" in this Agreement) refers to PDF Tools.
* Country refers to: Andhra Pradesh, India
* Device means any device that can access the Service such as a computer, a cellphone or a digital tablet.
* Personal Data is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.
* Service refers to the Application.
* Service Provider means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Company. It refers to third-party companies or individuals employed by the Company to facilitate the Service, to provide the Service on behalf of the Company, to perform services related to the Service or to assist the Company in analyzing how the Service is used.
* Usage Data refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
* You means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.

## Collecting and Using Your Personal Data

We(AVR Apps) will not collect any of your personal data in any form. We will not even request account or internet permission. We use google Adsense and Play services for displaying ads in our app. Please note that Google may personalize ads according to your browsing history or your personal data stored in google.


## Children's Privacy

We do not use use any of the data, so children are safe to use the app. But note that the features of the app might be too advanced for your child to understand.

## Changes to this Privacy Policy

We may update Our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify You of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

We will let You know via email and/or a prominent notice on Our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "Last updated" date at the top of this Privacy Policy.

You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.

## Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact us:

By email: avrapps.store@gmail.com
